Add docs sections describing default and custom file names (#5152)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/media-pipeline.rst

   IMAGES_STORE = '/path/to/valid/dir'

.. _topics-file-naming:

> File Naming
> =================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File Naming
===========
```

> Default File Naming
> -------------------
> By default, Scrapy will name files using a `SHA1 hash`_ of their origination URLs.

Reviewer: :lipstick: 

- Keep an empty line after a header.
- Maintain the parts from the original sentence that did not require a change.
- Use [“an” before SHA1](https://www.quora.com/Should-you-use-a-or-an-before-an-acronym-that-begins-with-the-letter-S) while at it. Ideally it should also be SHA-1, but that requires changing other lines as well, so up to you.

```suggestion
Default File Naming
-------------------

By default, files are stored using an `SHA1 hash`_ of their URLs for the file names.
```

    3afec3b4765f8f0a07b78f98c07b83f013567a0a

> Will be downloaded and stored in your chosen :ref:`storage method <topics-supported-storage>` using the following file name::

Reviewer: :lipstick: 

```suggestion
Will be downloaded and stored using the following file name::
```

Or, alternatively:

```suggestion
Will be downloaded and stored using your chosen :ref:`storage method <topics-supported-storage>` and the following file name::
```

   3afec3b4765f8f0a07b78f98c07b83f013567a0a.jpg

Custom File Naming
-------------------
You may wish to use a different calculated file name for saved files.
For example, classifying an image by including meta in the file name.

Customize file names by overriding the ``file_path`` class method of your

> pipeline.

Reviewer: “class method” may be mistaken for `@classmethod`, so just “method” would be best.

Also, “pipeline” is too generic (could be mistaken for “item pipeline”), “media pipeline” would be best.

> For example, an image pipeline with image url::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an image pipeline with image URL::
```

   http://www.example.com/product/images/large/front/0000000004166

> Can be processed into a file name with a condensed hash and the perspective
> ``front``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be stored as::
```

Author: This change removes signaling of the specific intent of the code. I chose this example because retail products so often provide multiple perspectives, i.e. front, back, left, right. And Scrapy seems to often be used for processing these images.

If this sentence is unclear or too wordy, can you suggest an alternative way to keep this "result" information?

Reviewer: OK. I did let myself go with the feedback :sweat_smile:

Author: :) The PR is very much improved from the feedback. Thank you.

  00b08510e4_front.jpg

By overriding ``file_path`` like this:

.. code-block:: python

  import hashlib
  from os.path import splitext

  def file_path(self, request, response=None, info=None, *, item=None):
      image_url_hash = hashlib.shake_256(request.url.encode()).hexdigest(5)
      image_perspective = request.url.split('/')[-2]
      image_filename = f'{image_url_hash}_{image_perspective}.jpg'

      return image_filename

.. warning::

>   If your custom file name scheme relies on meta data that can vary between
>   scrapes it may lead to unexpected re-downloading of existing media using
>   new file names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a file that has been downloaded with a given file name and your 
  ``file_path`` implementation returns a different file name for the same file,
  that file will be downloaded again with the new file name.
```

Author: I tried this suggested language and found it a bit repetitive. I realize the use of "naming scheme" is not simple, so I've added an example that uses this phrase.

* ``full`` is a sub-directory to separate full images from thumbnails (if
  used). For more info see :ref:`topics-images-thumbnails`.

> * ``<FILE_NAME>`` is the default file name created by Scrapy or a customized file
>   name (if used).  For more info see :ref:`topics-file-naming`.

Reviewer: :lipstick: Shorter.

```suggestion
* ``<FILE_NAME>`` is the file name assigned to the file. See :ref:`topics-file-naming`.
```
